https://www.coursera.org/learn/galaxy-project/home/welcome

1. What details do some modern papers fail to provide that inhibit reproducibility?
What versions of software was used for the analysis
2. What is reproducibility?
None of these options
3. Why is reproducibility important?
It is a minimum standard to allow computational research to be reviewed and inspected
4. Which of the following might be considered necessary to increase reproducibility in modern analysis?
All of these options
5. Is this challenge surmountable?
Yes, modern software platforms (including Galaxy) were created to help researchers meet these challenges
6. Galaxy is available as:
As a website that is free for everyone to use
7. How can you extend Galaxy?
All of these options
8. Galaxy...
Provides an environment for researchers to easily use existing bioinformatic software and record and share the results
9. You need what to use the public Galaxy site usegalaxy.org?
An email account and a web browser
10. For analysis where usegalaxy.org does not provide appropriate computation power or tools, you can:
All of these options
11. Galaxy...
Is highly configurable for many types of compute infrastructure

1. Where are basic analyses you can perform found in the Galaxy interface?
The Tool Panel
2. Where are the datafiles and output of analysis you have performed located in the Galaxy interface?
The History
3. Where can I find tools that download or upload data to Galaxy?
Get Data in the tool panel
4. What file format was used for both the exon and repeat data in the exercise?
BED file format
5. What information is not contained within a BED file?
The genome the feature belongs to
6. What does the “Operate on Genomic Intervals: Join” tool do?
Join overlapping region from two or more datasets
7. What question are we trying to answer using the exon and repeat data?
How many repeat regions overlap each exon region?
8. Which of the following can be done with the group tool?
Count the occurrence of each record or data field within a file
9. How does Galaxy assist in the reproducibility of analysis?
All of these options
10. The “pencil” icon in the Galaxy history allows you to do all but
Edit a dataset’s contents
11. The file Quiz3_Genes.bed contains locations of how many transcripts?
1720
12. The file Quiz3_Genes.bed contains locations of how many genes?
1510
13. What is a workflow?
An abstract representation of a multi-step analysis
14. How can a workflow be added to a Galaxy instance?
All of these options
15. Which of the following statements is true?
Galaxy allows sending workflow data to a new history
16. Which are advanced options available in workflows?
Both of these options
17. Which of the following is true of tags?
An item can have more than one of them
18. Which of the following is true of annotations?
They can contain arbitrary free form text
19. Which of the following is true of tags and annotations?
All of these options
20. What does it mean to share a galaxy history?
Only certain users will be able to access it
21. What does it mean to publish a galaxy history?
The history will be listed in a central, public place within Galaxy and all users can access it
22. What do you need to share a history with just one user?
The email associated with the user's Galaxy account
23. Who can see a history that's been made 'accessible'?
Anyone who knows the URL (the browser address)
24. Where are published histories found on Galaxy?
Shared Data -> Published Histories
25. What can you do if you no longer want a history to be accessible?
From the same interface used to make it accessible: use the 'Share or Publish' link in the history options
26. What do Galaxy pages allow you to do?
All of these options
27. Why can annotations be important in a Galaxy page?
They can be used to describe why an analysis was performed in a particular way
28. What are Data Libraries?
Another way to share data and make it easy to find

1. How many lines make up each record contained in a FASTQ file?
Four
2. Which of the following are components of the FASTQ format?
All of these options
3. Which of the following is NOT a type of encoding of sequence quality scores in a FASTQ file?
Ion torrent
4. Which of the following operations of quality control can be performed with Galaxy’s NGS: QC and manipulation?
All of these options
5. Which of the following is NOT part of the FastQC report?
Per sequence base quality
6. When do we filter and trim reads? Choose the correct option.
Depends on tools used during downstream analysis.
7. What is ChIP sequencing most commonly used to measure?
The locations of protein to DNA interaction
8. What is MACS used for?
Peek calling/reconstruction from ChIP-seq data
9. What is the advantage of using a control in a ChIP sequencing experiment?
Both options

1. What does it mean to align-then-assemble? 
Align reads to an existing reference genome, and then assemble transcripts from the spliced alignments.
2. Which of the following statements is FALSE?
De-novo assembly is not robust to variation
3. What of following formats can tophat results produce? 
A) BED format.
B) ADAM format.
C) BAM format.
A and C
4. Which tool in the cufflinks suite is used to find the differentially expressed genes?
Cuffdiff
5. One of the options is NOT a column in the output produced by Cuffdiff.
Length of the differentially expressed gene
6. What is the main purpose of Cuffmerge and what is its input format?
To merge different Cufflinks assemblies together and GTF files.
7. Can we use Galaxy to run the same tophat (or other tool) job over Multiple datasets?
Yes, the datasets need to be of the format the tool can take as input.
8. What Galaxy tool might we use to refine our Cuffdiff output to show only differentially expressed genes?
Filter
9. What comes after mapping the RNA seq data to a reference genome?
Using a reference annotation we continue to do differential expression analysis using the Cufflinks suite.
10. What is the idea behind setting the tool form “Use Reference Annotation” to “reference annotation as guide” in Cufflinks?
A) Tells Cufflinks to use the reference annotation to guide the assembly.
B) Results will contain referenced transcripts, novel genes and isoforms.
C) Tells Cufflinks to remove all unannotated transcripts.
A and B
11. What does the “log2(fold change)” in the gene differential expression testing result mean?
A) Its the log-ratio of FPKM values for a pair of expressed genes.
B) Its the log-ratio between mapped and unmapped reads.
C) It indicates genes with significantly different expression profiles.
A and C

1. Why would you use a virtual environment (virtualenv) when installing Galaxy?
Ensures that the Galaxy environment is isolated from anything else installed on your system.
2. Which file would you edit to add an administrative user to galaxy?
galaxy.ini
3. What is the standard way to start the Galaxy server?
sh run.sh
4. How is Galaxy primarily distributed?
Git
5. What’s the easiest way to find and add new tools to your Galaxy instance?
Tool Shed
6. Which Amazon Web Services do we use with Galaxy Cloudlaunch?
All of these options
7. Which of the following statements about access keys and security is not true?
If you lose your cloudman_keypair.pem you can just download it again
8. What’s an easy and reproducible way to share the work you’ve done on a Galaxy Cloudman Cluster?
Use Cloudman’s cluster sharing function and make the share string available
9. Which of these do we not need to simply launch a cluster and use it through the web interface?
cloudman_keypair.pem
10. Of the following instance types, what’s the most expensive type of instance to run based on the per hour usage cost?
r3.4xlarge
